not improve anymore or the number of
iterations that the user has set has
been achieved so this is the whole idea
behind it if you want to understand
simply right if you want to understand
simply what uh sgate function versus
surate function versus acquisition
function does is simply say this is your
grid this is your hyper parameter hyper
parameter grid say you have the hyper
parameter one and Hyper parameter 2 on
the y-axis all right now you have this
grid think of this grid as a map okay
this think of this grid as a map where
only few data points we have sampled
okay we want to trace the lines in this
map say you you have a particular
country and you want to trace the lines
and the lines where the lines are the
lines are the points where your
objective function the objective
function is highest so higher the
objective function suppose if it's
accuracy we want to maximize it right
suppose your objective is increasing the
accuracy we want to go in a in a
particular route that will reach us to